== Q01_general.txt
1. Holdings: Migration of the term "neologism" between two scientific disciplines : neologism in linguistics a
2. Beyond borrowed concepts: a semantic analysis of entropy’s half-century cross-disciplinary journey betwe
3. Co-word analysis as a tool for describing the network of interactions between basic and technological resea
4. Understanding the formation of interdisciplinary research from the perspective of keyword evolution: a case
5. Tracing Research Paradigm Change Using Terminological Methods
6. Random Drift versus Selection in Academic Vocabulary: An Evolutionary Analysis of Published Keywords | PLOS
7. [1812.01250] Quantification and Analysis of Scientific Language Variation Across Research Fields
8. [2010.06657] Will This Idea Spread Beyond Academia? Understanding Knowledge Transfer of Scientific Concepts
9. Mapping the network of mathematics using ‘cognitive mobility’ or
10. How new concepts become universal scientific approaches: insights from citation network analysis of agent-
11. The Development and Migration of Concepts from Donor to Borrower Disciplines: Sublanguage Term Use in Hard
12. [0803.2315] Science mapping with asymmetrical paradigmatic proximity
13. SciEvo: A 2 Million, 30-Year Cross-disciplinary Dataset for Temporal Scientometric Analysis
14. [1604.00696] Quantifying the Diaspora of Knowledge in the Last Century
15. Will This Idea Spread Beyond Academia? Understanding Knowledge Transfer of Scientific Concepts across Text
16. ADOPTING CROSS-DISCIPLINARY PERSPECTIVES IN CONSTRUCTING A MULTILINGUAL'S IDENTITY
== Q01_scholarly.txt
1. A theory of migration: the aspirations-capabilities framework
2. Designing qualitative research
3. Genre, discipline and identity
4. The interdisciplinary study of coordination
5. Setting the future of digital and social media marketing research: Perspectives and research propositions
6. The Politics of Knowledge: Area Studies and the Disciplines
7. Resilience and disaster risk reduction: an etymological journey
8. Decolonization is not a metaphor
9. Sustainable urban systems: Co-design and framing for transformation
10. Health professionals for a new century: transforming education to strengthen health systems in an interdep
11. Three frames for innovation policy: R&D, systems of innovation and transformative change
12. Return Migration
13. Intersectionality's Definitional Dilemmas
14. Global Autocracies: Strategies of Transnational Repression, Legitimation, and Co-Optation in World Politic
15. Advances in Social Media Research: Past, Present and Future
16. Implementation and adoption of nationwide electronic health records in secondary care in England: qualitat
17. Digital Innovation Dynamics Influence on Organisational Adoption: The Case of Cloud Computing Services
18. Choosing a Fit Technology: Understanding Mindfulness in Technology Adoption and Continuance
19. Adoption of mobile banking in Finland
20. Technology Adoption by Groups: A Valence Perspective
== Q02_general.txt
1. Borrowing theories: contextual and empirical considerations: Construction Management and Economics: Vol 38 
2. Mobilizing Conceptual Spaces: How Word Embedding Models Can Inform Measurement and Theory Within Organizati
3. The Practice of Theory Borrowing in Organizational Studies: Current Issues and Future Directions - David A.
4. Conceptual Learning via Embedding Approximations for Reinforcing Interpretability and Transparency
5. Borrowing theories: contextual and empirical considerations
6. Investigating patterns of change, stability, and interaction among scientific disciplines using embeddings 
7. Two Modalities of the Contextualized Courseware in Three ...
8. Embedding academic literacies in university programme curricula: a case study | Request PDF
9. concept borrowing | orgtheory.net
10. Embedding academic literacies in university programme ...
11. Embedding Data Science & AI across Disciplines: Context and Suggestions for Educators - The Turing Way
12. (PDF) Embedding academic literacies in university programme curricula: a case study
13. Conceptual Learning via Embedding Approximations
14. Conceptual Learning via Embedding Approximations for Reinforcing
15. [2406.08840] Conceptual Learning via Embedding Approximations for Reinforcing Interpretability and Transpa
16. (PDF) Conceptual Learning via Embedding Approximations for Reinforcing Interpretability and Transparency
17. Beyond borrowed concepts: a semantic analysis of entropy’s half-century cross-disciplinary journey betwe
18. an exploration of factors influencing the adoption of student ...
19. r/PhilosophyofScience on Reddit: Is There a Term for Applying Concepts from One Discipline to Another Disc
20. Full article: Effect of context-based instructional approach on students’ science process skills acquisi
== Q02_scholarly.txt
1. The Rhetorical Functions of Borrowing and the Uses of Disciplinary Prestige
2. Embedding Preparation In Language Courses
3. EMBEDDING SCAFFOLDED READING PRACTICES INTO THE FIRST-YEAR UNIVERSITY SCIENCE CURRICULUM
4. International political economy: Conceptual affinities and substantive differences with security studies
5. Editorial Introduction: Contextual Evolution of SMEs across Markets, Disciplines and Sectors
6. The importance of borrowing across disciplines
7. Conceptual Models as Tools for Communication Across Disciplines
8. Conceptual Change across Engineering Disciplines
9. NGO Accountability: A Conceptual Review across the Engaged Disciplines
10. Studying ethnic identity: Methodological and conceptual approaches across disciplines.
11. A conceptual framework for understanding the cultural and contextual factors on autism across the globe
12. Learning for Resilience: Embedding Ecosystem Services Literacy Across Disciplines to Support Sustainable U
13. Introduction: Ethnic identity research across diverse perspectives.
14. “World”:
15. Religion, Tolerance, and Intolerance: Views from Across the Disciplines
16. PEACH: Pretrained-Embedding Explanation across Contextual and Hierarchical Structure
17. Figure 2: Contextual word embedding by BERT.
18. Borrowing from Other Disciplines
19. Concept of Sound in Tifa as Papua’s Contextual Learning Media
20. A Conceptual Consideration of Irreversible Phenomena Based on an Information-Theoretic Measure of Correlat
== Q03_general.txt
1. Bibliometrics - Wikipedia
2. The Landscape of Research on Contextualized Science Learning: A Bibliometric Network Review - Giamellaro - 
3. Deepening and broadening knowledge after the PISA scientific event: bibliometric, semantic network, and exp
4. Frontiers | Exploring Topics in Bibliometric Research Through Citation Networks and Semantic Analysis
5. Transmedial recontextualization of new scientific research claims - ScienceDirect
6. The bibliometric analysis of scholarly production: How great is the impact? | Scientometrics | Springer Nat
7. A bibliometric study of reference literature in the sciences and social sciences - ScienceDirect
8. Bibliometric analysis: a systematic review of methods, tools, and databases with a methodical approach and 
9. How to design bibliometric research: an overview and a framework proposal | Review of Managerial Science | 
10. Development of Bibliometrics as a Scientific Field | Scientific and Technical Information Processing | Spr
11. Bibliometric Delineation of Scientific Fields | Springer Nature Link
12. Visualizing a field of research: A methodology of systematic scientometric reviews | PLOS One
13. Re-envisioning bibliometric analysis as a tool for transforming the field | NSF Public Access Repository
14. (PDF) Bibliometrics as a research field: A course on theory and application of bibliometric indicators
15. Scientific mapping and trend of conceptual change: A bibliometric analysis - ScienceDirect
16. BIBLIOMETRICS AS A RESEARCH FIELD
17. A bibliometric analysis of the interdisciplinary field of cultural evolution | Humanities and Social Scien
18. How to conduct a bibliometric analysis: An overview and guidelines - ScienceDirect
19. Representing a scientific field: A bibliometric approach | Scientometrics | Springer Nature Link
20. Comparative science mapping: a novel conceptual structure analysis with metadata | Scientometrics | Spring
== Q03_scholarly.txt
1. Transmedial recontextualization of new scientific research claims
2. Recontextualization of concepts in European legal discourse
3. Understanding the Scientific Cooperation in Energy Field: From a Bibliometric Perspective: 2005-2023
4. Genres, media, and recontextualization practices
5. BIBLIOMETRIC DATA ANALYSIS OF SCIENTIFIC PUBLICATIONS IN THE FIELD OF CHANGE MANAGEMENT
6. Interpreting `Resistance' Sociologically
7. Wellness Tourism Research: Bibliometric Study of the Scientific Field
8. Representing a scientific field: A bibliometric approach
9. Lunar Habitat Concepts
10. BIBLIOMETRIC ANALYSIS OF PUBLIC RELATIONS AXIS POSTGRADUATE THESES RELATED TO SOCIAL MEDIA OR NEW MEDIA CO
11. Bibliometric Analysis of Public Relations Axis Postgraduate Theses Related to Social Media or New Media Co
12. A Bibliometric Analysis of Publications on Surveillance and New Media Concepts in The Web of Science Datab
13. Various concepts of equilibrium in economics
14. SCIENTIFIC DEVELOPMENTS IN CAREERISM RESEARCH IN THE FIELD OF BUSINESS: A BIBLIOMETRIC REVIEW
15. Bibliometric Analysis of Machine Learning and Fuzzy Concepts: Web of Science-Based Study
16. New and Post-New Age Appropriations
17. Bibliometric Analysis of Scientific Trends Around the Key Concepts of the New Era: Digital Transformation 
18. Analyzing students' recontextualization strategies for algorithmic concepts
19. BIBLIOMETRIC ANALYSIS OF A NEW RESEARCH SUB‐FIELD
20. NEW CONCEPTS, THEORETICAL AND PRACTICAL PROBLEMS IN THE FIELD OF AGRICULTURAL SCIENCES AND FOOD
== Q04_general.txt
1. Will This Idea Spread Beyond Academia? Understanding Knowledge Transfer of Scientific Concepts across Text 
2. [2306.02282] Exploring and Verbalizing Academic Ideas by Concept Co-occurrence
3. Beyond Citations: Measuring Idea-level Knowledge Diffusion from Research to Journalism and Policy-making
4. Identifying interdisciplinary emergence in the science of science: combination of network analysis and BERT
5. Integrated knowledge content in an interdisciplinary field: identification, classification, and application
6. The evolution of scientific literature as metastable knowledge states
7. A temporal keyword co-occurrence network mining framework for detecting structural transitions in cancer bi
8. Bisociative Literature-Based Discovery: Lessons Learned and New Word Embedding Approach | New Generation Co
9. Research Hotspots and Trends of Knowledge Transfer in China Based on Visualization Analysis
10. A review of reviews – a meta-review analysis of literature on knowledge and technology transfer in highe
11. Large-scale transformer-based topic graphs identify thematic links between engineering and biology | Scien
12. Will This Idea Spread Beyond Academia? Understanding Knowledge Transfer of Scientific Concepts across Text
13. Cartographie bibliométrique du transfert de connaissances et des modèles de gouvernance universitaire : 
14. Will This Idea Spread Beyond Academia? Understanding Knowledge Transfer of Scientific Concepts across Text
15. Will This Idea Spread Beyond Academia? Understanding Knowledge Transfer of Scientific Concepts across Text
16. Will This Idea Spread Beyond Academia? Understanding Knowledge Transfer of Scientific Concepts across Text
17. Keyphrase identification using minimal labeled data with hierarchical contexts and transfer learning | BMC
18. Keyword extraction based on statistical information for cyrillic Mongolian script
19. Global Trends and Research Evolution of XBRL Adoption in
== Q04_scholarly.txt
1. Sustainable–smart–resilient–low carbon–eco–knowledge cities; making sense of a multitude of conce
2. Air Source Heat Pumps field studies: A systematic literature review
3. A systematic literature review of blockchain-based applications: Current status, classification and open is
4. Sustainable Sport Entrepreneurship and Innovation: A Bibliometric Analysis of This Emerging Field of Resear
5. Do Formal Intellectual Property Rights Hinder the Free Flow of Scientific Knowledge? An Empirical Test of t
6. A review of the global climate change impacts, adaptation, and sustainable mitigation measures
7. Review on Mycotoxin Issues in Ruminants: Occurrence in Forages, Effects of Mycotoxin Ingestion on Health St
8. From distributed coordination to field calculus and aggregate computing
9. Testing Intrusion detection systems
10. Opportunities and Challenges of Generative AI in Construction Industry: Focusing on Adoption of Text-Based
11. From DFT to machine learning: recent approaches to materials science–a review
12. Fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis (fsQCA) in business and management research: A contemporary ove
13. The big picture on the internet of things and the smart city: a review of what we know and what we need to
14. AI and Related Technologies in the Fields of Smart Agriculture: A Review
15. The Effect of Previous Crop Residues and Tillage on Fusarium Head Blight of Wheat
16. Bibliometric Review of Research on Knowledge Management and Sustainability, 1994–2018
17. Gastrointestinal Parasites in Shelter Dogs: Occurrence, Pathology, Treatment and Risk to Shelter Workers
18. Climate change and COP26: Are digital technologies and information management part of the problem or the s
19. A systematic review of knowledge management and new product development projects: Trends, issues, and chal
20. Clay‐Inspired MXene‐Based Electrochemical Devices and Photo‐Electrocatalyst: State‐of‐the‐Art 
== Q05_general.txt
1. Boundary object - Wikipedia
2. Boundary objects, knowledge integration, and innovation management: A systematic review of the literature -
3. (PDF) Boundary object or bridging concept? A citation network analysis of resilience
4. (PDF) Boundary object or bridging concept? A citation network analysis of resilience
5. Boundary object or bridging concept? A citation network analysis of resilience
6. "Boundary Object or Bridging Concept? A Citation Network Analysis of Re" by Jacopo A. Baggio, Katriana Brow
7. JMIR Human Factors - Boundary Objects as Dialogical Learning Accelerators for Social Change in Design for H
8. Boundary Objects as Dialogical Learning Accelerators for Social Change in Design for Health: Systematic Rev
9. Boundary objects, knowledge integration, and innovation ...
10. Bridging Theories and Practices: Boundary Objects and Constellation Analysis as Vehicles for Interdiscipli
11. Full article: How boundary objects facilitate local climate adaptation networks: the cases of Amsterdam Ra
12. Review Boundary Objects as Dialogical Learning Accelerators for Social
13. Ecology and Society: Boundary object or bridging concept? A citation network analysis of resilience
14. The Grand Concepts of Environmental Studies Boundary objects between disciplines and policymakers | Journa
15. Boundary objects and knowledge sharing in sustainability demonstration projects: insights from practitione
16. Concept Learning with Co-occurrence Network for Image Retrieval
17. (PDF) Boundary Objects, Social Meanings and the Success of New Technologies
18. Boundary objects in network interactions - ScienceDirect
19. Development of a Boundary Object Assessment Framework Supporting Knowledge Integration in Product Realizat
20. A Discipline Co-Occurrence Network Analysis Approach
== Q05_scholarly.txt
1. Concept Learning with Co-occurrence Network for Image Retrieval
2. Boundary object or bridging concept? A citation network analysis of resilience
3. Figure 6: Co-occurrence network.
4. Figure 1: Co-occurrence network.
5. Figure 5: Prokaryotic co-occurrence network in control and maize residue retention (A) treatments; fungal c
6. Table S4: Co-occurrence network topological parameters
7. Figure 6: Author’s keywords co-occurrence network.
8. Forming Object Concept Using Bayesian Network
9. Introduction(s): Object/Subject, Discipline/Argument
10. Figure 3: Co-occurrence network of BSNB Research.
11. Figure 5: Authors keywords occurrences and co-occurrence network.
12. Table 1: Co-occurrence network indices of endophytic community.
13. Co-occurrence analyzis of key concept on risk-taking in organizational management research
14. Table S1: Resulting OTUs from Network Analysis (see ‘Results’: OUT co-occurrence network analysis’)
15. Table 4: Topological properties of soil microbiome co-occurrence network.
16. Figure 6: Co-occurrence network of bacterial taxa on litters.
17. Figure 6: Co-occurrence network of keywords in RVO study.
18. Table 7: Concept matrix of TF-IDF: co-occurrence of concepts in CC and SC datasets.
19. Fig. 2. A keyword co-occurrence network for the selected publications.
== Q06_general.txt
1. Beyond Citations: Measuring Idea-level Knowledge Diffusion
2. Beyond Citations: Measuring Idea-level Knowledge Diffusion from Research to Journalism and Policy-making
3. Disciplinary knowledge production and diffusion in science | Request PDF
4. Cross-discipline cold-start knowledge tracing via overlapping entities and contrastive learning - ScienceDi
5. Disciplinary knowledge diffusion in business research - ScienceDirect
6. Knowledge diffusion within a large conservation organization and beyond | PLOS One
7. Bibliometric cartography of data science: a large-scale analysis on knowledge integration and diffusion | E
8. Educating the future generation of researchers: A cross-disciplinary survey of trends in analysis methods |
9. Research Data in Scientific Publications: A Cross-Field Analysis
10. Knowledge integration and diffusion structures of interdisciplinary research: A large‐scale analysis bas
11. Internal dynamics and innovation: A cross-disciplinary review and future research agenda - ScienceDirect
12. Exploring the direction and diversity of interdisciplinary knowledge diffusion: A case study of professor 
13. Interdisciplinary knowledge diffusion of educational research, 2002–2021 - ScienceDirect
14. (PDF) The Diffusion of Research on the Adoption and Diffusion of Information Technology
15. Knowledge Diffusion Research Papers - Academia.edu
16. Modeling study of knowledge diffusion in scientific collaboration networks based on differential dynamics:
17. Modeling knowledge diffusion in the disciplinary citation network based on differential dynamics | Sciento
18. LLM-Enabled Scientific Knowledge Diffusion Analysis Uttam Rao, Madhav Marathe
19. Dissecting diffusion: Tracing the plurality of factors that shape knowledge diffusion - ScienceDirect
20. Modeling knowledge diffusion in the disciplinary citation ...
== Q06_scholarly.txt
1. Knowledge Management in Agile Methods Context
2. Electronic Training Methods
3. Introduction Knowledge Management: Historical and Cross-Disciplinary Themes
4. Assessing the cross-region knowledge transfer capability of selected deep learning building vectorization m
5. Temporal Entities in the Context of Cross-Cultural Meetings and Negotiations
6. Knowledge Sharing
7. Knowledge Representation
8. Cross-disciplinary perspectives on context-specific argumentation practices
9. Word knowledge in a cross-disciplinary world
10. Exploring diffusion of innovation adoption attributes: a cross-disciplinary literature analysis
11. Accelerating the Adoption of Knowledge Graphs for Cross-Disciplinary Collaboration in Wind Energy
12. EDI Adoption and Diffusion in Political Economies: A Cross-Case Analysis
13. The Nature of Knowledge
14. The Future of Knowledge Management
15. Context and User-Centered Approaches: Icons in Cross-Cultural Context
16. Intellectual Capital and the Knowledge Economy
17. Index
18. Situated Knowledge in Context-Aware Computing
19. Content Management
== Q07_general.txt
1. How New Ideas Diffuse in Science
2. Ideas with impact: How connectivity shapes idea diffusion
3. Aalborg Universitet
4. OLD AND CONNECTED VERSUS YOUNG AND CREATIVE: NETWORKS AND THE DIFFUSION OF NEW SCIENTIFIC IDEAS
5. The increasing fragmentation of global science limits the diffusion of ideas
6. How New Ideas Diffuse in Science | NSF Public Access Repository
7. The Diffusion of Scientific Innovations: Arguments for an Integrated Approach
8. Intentional and serendipitous diffusion of ideas: Evidence from academic conferences
9. [2010.06657] Will This Idea Spread Beyond Academia? Understanding Knowledge Transfer of Scientific Concepts
10. The power of a good idea: Quantitative modeling of the spread of ideas from epidemiological models
11. How New Ideas Diffuse in Science - Article - Faculty & Research - Harvard Business School
12. Scholars@Duke publication: How New Ideas Diffuse in Science
13. Beyond Citations: Measuring Idea-level Knowledge Diffusion from Research to Journalism and Policy-making
14. Will This Idea Spread Beyond Academia? Understanding Knowledge Transfer of Scientific Concepts across Text
15. The Diffusion of Scientific Innovations: a Role Typology - DocsLib
16. A Strategic Multiplexity Perspective on Innovation Diffusion - Mack Institute for Innovation Management
17. A systemic theory of scientific discovery: a conceptual review of field maturation and independent converg
18. Three Tales of Lifelong Learning as a Travelling Idea: Diffusion, Mimesis, and Translation
19. SCI-IDEA: Context-Aware Scientific Ideation Using Token and Sentence Embeddings | Machine Learning | Sprin
20. Engineering serendipity: When does knowledge sharing lead to knowledge production?
== Q07_scholarly.txt
1. Fostering implementation of health services research findings into practice: a consolidated framework for a
2. A Holistic Framework to Improve the Uptake and Impact of eHealth Technologies
3. Science and technology roadmap for graphene, related two-dimensional crystals, and hybrid systems
4. Context matters in implementation science: a scoping review of determinant frameworks that describe context
5. Making sense of complexity in context and implementation: the Context and Implementation of Complex Interve
6. Tumour exosome integrins determine organotropic metastasis
7. RE-AIM Planning and Evaluation Framework: Adapting to New Science and Practice With a 20-Year Review
8. Diffusion and related transport mechanisms in brain tissue
9. The dynamic sustainability framework: addressing the paradox of sustainment amid ongoing change
10. Imaging brain microstructure with diffusion MRI: practicality and applications
11. MICU3 is a tissue-specific enhancer of mitochondrial calcium uptake
12. Systems science and systems thinking for public health: a systematic review of the field
13. The PRISMA Statement for Reporting Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses of Studies That Evaluate Health Ca
14. Evaluating the successful implementation of evidence into practice using the PARiHS framework: theoretical
15. Advancing a Conceptual Model of Evidence-Based Practice Implementation in Public Service Sectors
16. Advanced capabilities for materials modelling with Q uantum ESPRESSO
17. Methods for exploring implementation variation and local context within a cluster randomised community int
18. Reframing implementation science to address inequities in healthcare delivery
19. Hierarchical diffusion models for two-choice response times.
20. Nanocellulose as a natural source for groundbreaking applications in materials science: Today’s state
== Q08_general.txt
1. Rogers’ Innovation Adoption Attributes: A Systematic Review and Synthesis of Existing Research | Request 
2. (PDF) Innovation Characteristics and Innovation-Adoption-Implementation: A Meta-analysis of findings
3. A bibliometric review of the innovation adoption literature | Request PDF
4. (PDF) Innovation characteristics and innovation adoption-implementation: A meta-analysis of findings
5. Innovation attributes and managers' decisions about the adoption of innovations in organizations: A meta-an
6. Compatibility's Innovation Metrics (n = 334). | Download Scientific Diagram
7. A diffusion of innovations measurement scale for reinvention, relative advantage, compatibility, complexity
8. A bibliometric review of the innovation adoption literature - ScienceDirect
9. Diffusion of Innovations model helps interpret the comparative uptake of two methodological innovations: co
10. Top 5 Perceived Attributes of Innovations and Their Effect on Rate of Adoption - Vanguard Marketing Intern
11. Full article: Applying a diffusion innovation theory to identify novelty in communication research
12. A bibliometric review of innovation ecosystem - Xu - 2025 - Systems Research and Behavioral Science - Wile
13. Roger's Five Attributes of Innovation Diffusion and Online ...
14. Innovation adoption attributes: a review and synthesis of research findings
15. Unpacking Innovation Diffusion Theory - Part 2: Compatibility — Ulysses Partners
16. Diffusion of Innovations - TheoryHub - Academic theories reviews for research and T&L
17. Measures for Predictors of Innovation Adoption - PMC
18. Procedia - Social and Behavioral Sciences 155 ( 2014 ) 69 – 74
19. Rogers Five Factors | Think Insights
== Q08_scholarly.txt
1. Innovation dimension in the concept of a smart city: is the innovativeness the main attribute of being smar
2. Contributions of Innovation Ecosystems in the Adoption of the Industry 4.0 Model in SMEs, a Bibliometric St
3. Renewable energy adoption and green innovation in Oman: a bibliometric and predictive analysis of energy ec
4. Open Innovation adoption in healthcare through bibliometric analysis
5. Bridging Innovation and Adoption: The Future of the Central Bank Digital Currencies (Cbdcs) in the European
6. Concept Attribute
7. Bibliometric analysis regarding the concept of blockchain accounting
8. Evolution of the Concept of Educational Efficiency: Bibliometric Analysis of Global Scientific Articles 201
9. A Bibliometric Analysis of the Concept of Inclusive Education
10. RELATIVE ADVANTAGE AND COMPATIBILITY AS FACTORS PREDICTING ADOPTION OF INNOVATION AMONG GENERATION X TEACH
11. Concept and Measurement of the Food System Sustainability: A Bibliometric Research
12. Mapping the Landscape: A Bibliometric Analysis of Fintech Innovation and Adoption
13. Outfit Compatibility Prediction with an Attribute Detection Model
14. Understanding the Determinants of Cryptocurrency Adoption: a Bibliometric Analysis
15. A bibliometric review of water security concept in Central Asia
16. Adoption of Innovation: A Concept Attainment View
17. Adoption of Mobile Wallets and Sustainable Digital Financial  Services: A Bibliometric Analysis of User Be
18. Scientific Collaboration Network in Cryptocurrency Adoption Research: A Bibliometric Study
19. Peer Review Report For: Artificial Intelligence Adoption as a Driver of Innovation and Competitiveness in 
20. Peer Review Report For: Artificial Intelligence Adoption as a Driver of Innovation and Competitiveness in 
== Q09_general.txt
1. A Vocabulary-Based Approach To Getting Up To Speed In A New Field
2. Ten simple rules for training yourself in an emerging field | PLOS Computational Biology
3. Off the Beaten Path:
4. Personalized Jargon Identification for Enhanced Interdisciplinary Communication
5. Getting up to speed in a new research area fast
6. Augmenting Scientific Creativity with Retrieval across Knowledge Domains
7. commands/cross-field-search.md
8. Will This Idea Spread Beyond Academia? Understanding Knowledge Transfer of Scientific Concepts across Text 
9. Words as Bridges: Exploring Computational Support for Cross-Disciplinary Translation Work
10. Off the beaten path: what drives scientists’ entry into new fields?
11. The Researcher's Path Part 7: Expansion (Where the Missing Answers Have Been Hiding) | Lee Foropoulos
12. Words as Bridges: Exploring Computational Support for Cross-Disciplinary Translation Work
13. How to map a research field in one morning
14. How to Find Research Outside Your Field Without the Jargon - Techgues.Com
15. RecSOI: recommending research directions using statements of ignorance
16. Keyphrase identification using minimal labeled data with hierarchical contexts and transfer learning | BMC
17. Personalized Jargon Identification for Enhanced Interdisciplinary Communication
18. Words as Bridges: Exploring Computational Support for Cross-Disciplinary  Translation Work | alphaXiv
19. Familiar Academic Preprint: Preprint Drafts
== Q09_scholarly.txt
1. DEFINING THE TERMS
2. Fundamental research terms
3. Supplemental Information 1: Keywords used as search terms.
4. Entering New Markets
5. Entering the Field
6. A New Look at Success Chances of Recruits Entering the Navy (SCREEN)
7. KEYWORDS INDEX
8. Additional Terms
9. Introduction
10. Diagnosis
11. Entering the Behavioral Health Field
12. Assessment
13. First Session
14. Tagcloud based on keywords, showing relative importance of these terms to creativity research
15. Cultural Considerations
16. Professional Preparation
17. Case Formulation
18. Entering the Field
19. Personal Preparation
20. Clinical Documentation
== Q10_general.txt
1. Co-word analysis as a tool for describing the network of interactions between basic and technological resea
2. LA METHODE DES MOTS ASSOCIES (CO-WORD ANALYSIS)
3. Co word analysis | PPTX
4. Evolution analysis of online topics based on ‘word-topic’ coupling network - PMC
5. Knowledge Discovery Through Co-Word Analysis QINHE ABSTRACT
6. Predicting co-word links via heterogeneous graph convolutional networks | Scientific Reports
7. (PDF) Application of word co-occurrence analysis method in mapping of the scientific fields (case study: th
8. Industry 5.0 as seen through its academic literature: an investigation using co-word analysis | Discover Su
9. (PDF) Co-word Analysis for the non-Scientific Information Example of Reuters Business Briefings
10. An author keyword analysis for mapping Sport Sciences | PLOS One
11. (PDF) A Co-Word Analysis of Global Research on Knowledge Organization: 1900-2019
12. Evolution analysis of cross-domain collaborative research topic: a case study of cognitive-based product c
13. An application of co-word analysis and bibliometric maps for detecting the most highlighting themes in the
14. Phylomemetic Patterns in Science Evolution—The Rise and Fall of Scientific Fields | PLOS One
15. Research topic flows in co-authorship networks | Scientometrics | Springer Nature Link
16. Co-Word Analysis | Springer Nature Link
17. Document co-citation analysis to enhance transdisciplinary research | Science Advances
18. Mapping of science by combined co-citation and word ...
19. Can epidemic model describe the diffusion of topics across disciplines? | Request PDF
20. Mapping knowledge domains: Characterizing PNAS - PMC
== Q10_scholarly.txt
1. An Explicit Link between Gaussian Fields and Gaussian Markov Random Fields: The Stochastic Partial Differen
2. Microbiome definition re-visited: old concepts and new challenges
3. Digital transformation: A multidisciplinary reflection and research agenda
4. The Circular Economy: An Interdisciplinary Exploration of the Concept and Application in a Global Context
5. Policy mixes for sustainability transitions: An extended concept and framework for analysis
6. Random walks and diffusion on networks
7. Scientific Concepts of Functional Foods in Europe Consensus Document
8. Diffusion of Information Technology Outsourcing: Influence Sources and the Kodak Effect
9. Some like it cold: understanding the survival strategies of psychrophiles
10. Diaspora and Transnationalism : Concepts, Theories and Methods
11. Networking and innovation: a systematic review of the evidence
12. Research On Degrowth
13. Biofilm-Related Infections: Bridging the Gap between Clinical Management and Fundamental Aspects of Recalc
14. Early intervention in psychosis: concepts, evidence and future directions
15. A Framework for Assessing the Global Diffusion of the Internet
16. Towards a typology of intermediaries in sustainability transitions: A systematic review and a research age
17. Chinese Guanxi : An Integrative Review and New Directions for Future Research
18. Conceptualising the future of HRM and technology research
19. Communities, knowledge creation, and information diffusion
20. The Problem of Fit between Ecosystems and Institutions: Ten Years Later
== Q11_general.txt
1. Social embeddedness of scientific and cultural work – Understanding Society
2. Understanding Society: Social embeddedness of scientific and intellectual work
3. Using Embeddedness Theory to Understand and Promote Persistence in STEM Majors | Request PDF
4. Rethinking scientific progress in the social sciences: disruptive or cumulative? - ScienceDirect
5. Scientific concepts and methods for moving persistence ...
6. Will This Idea Spread Beyond Academia? Understanding Knowledge Transfer of Scientific Concepts across Text 
7. Scientific concepts and methods for moving persistence assessments into the 21st century - Davenport - 2022
8. Scientific concepts and methods for moving persistence assessments into the 21st century | Integrated Envir
9. Beyond borrowed concepts: a semantic analysis of entropy’s half-century cross-disciplinary journey betwee
10. The unexpected persistence of non-corporate platforms: The role of local and network embeddedness - Scienc
11. Embodiment and regenerative implants: a proposal for entanglement | Medicine, Health Care and Philosophy |
12. (PDF) Model transfer in science
13. 1 Chapter 17: Model Transfer in Science
14. Knowledge transfer and its contexts - ScienceDirect
15. Personality changes following heart transplantation: The role of cellular memory - ScienceDirect
16. Embryonic transplantation experiments: Past, present, and future - PMC
17. Ambiguous embodiment and organ transplantation - Embodiment and everyday cyborgs - NCBI Bookshelf
18. Embedding and customizing templates in cross-disciplinary modeling | Synthese | Springer Nature Link
19. Re-cognizing the new self: The neurocognitive plasticity of self-processing following facial transplantati
== Q11_scholarly.txt
1. Shifting Ground for Health Information Systems
2. Shifting Legitimation along Information Infrastructures Growth
3. Embeddedness
4. Methods for Calculating Persistence and Spatial Range
5. Multi‐Media Box Models for Persistence and Spatial Range
6. Beyond Membership: The Institutional Embeddedness of Trade Unions and Their Persistence in Financialised Eu
7. Characterizing Chemicals by Means of Persistence and Spatial Range
8. Persistence and Spatial Range as Measures of Environmental Threat
9. Extending and enriching job embeddedness theory: Predicting college persistence
10. Persistence and Spatial Range of Environmental Chemicals
11. Front Matter
12. Stacked Fields of Criminal Justice: The National Embeddedness of Transnational Policing
13. References
14. Index
15. Persistent Organic Pollutants
16. Appendix B: Glossary
17. Concepts of Culture in the Sociology of Punishment
18. Connecting Environmental Chemistry and Ethics
19. Implications for the Assessment of Chemicals
20. Overcomplexity and Normative Indeterminacy of Environmental Systems
== Q12_general.txt
1. Frontiers | Local transplantation, adaptation, and creation of AI models for public health policy
2. Embedding and customizing templates in cross-disciplinary modeling
3. The next generation of machine learning for tracking adaptation texts
4. Dive into transfer-learning for daily rainfall-runoff modeling in data-limited basins - ScienceDirect
5. Applying Machine Learning Techniques to Implementation Science
6. TransGM: Transferable gravity models for cross-city policy transfer
7. Adaptive Bayesian transfer learning under compositional generalized linear mixed model for microbiome data 
8. [2603.22621] Transfer learning via interpolating structures
9. Real-to-Real: synthesizing a practical method for translating project practices across conceptually dissimi
10. The CARIAA Research-into-Use (RiU) Learning Guide - weADAPT
11. Next-generation hybrid precipitation forecasts that integrate Indigenous knowledge - IOPscience
12. Transporting Predictions via Double Machine Learning:
13. Towards Fine-Tuning-Based Site Calibration for Knowledge-Guided Machine Learning: A Summary of Results
14. Machine learning in the social and health sciences |...
15. Machine learning in the social and health sciences | Scholar Feed
16. Local transplantation, adaptation, and creation of AI models for public health policy
== Q12_scholarly.txt
1. Tackling Climate Change with Machine Learning
2. A review of machine learning applications in wildfire science and management
3. Fundamentals, materials, and machine learning of polymer electrolyte membrane fuel cell technology
4. Application of machine-learning methods in forest ecology: recent progress and future challenges
5. Tackling Climate Change with Machine Learning
6. Machine-learning-based evidence and attribution mapping of 100,000 climate impact studies
7. Radiomics and Machine Learning for Radiotherapy in Head and Neck Cancers
8. Mapping the evolution and current trends in climate change adaptation science
9. Communities and change in the anthropocene: understanding social-ecological vulnerability and planning adap
10. Machine intelligence and the data-driven future of marine science
11. Deep Learning-Based Diagnosis of Alzheimer’s Disease
12. The Role and Impact of Industry 4.0 and the Internet of Things on the Business Strategy of the Value Chain
13. Perspectives on the Future of Land Surface Models and the Challenges of Representing Complex Terrestrial S
14. Reducing risks to food security from climate change
15. Impact of Climate Change on Agroecosystems and Potential Adaptation Strategies
16. Climate change awareness, perceived impacts, and adaptation from farmers’ experience and behavior: a tri
17. Artificial intelligence for geoscience: Progress, challenges, and perspectives
18. Eight grand challenges in socio-environmental systems modeling
19. Selecting a Dynamic Simulation Modeling Method for Health Care Delivery Research—Part 2: Report of the I
20. A Machine-Generated View of the Role of Blood Glucose Levels in the Severity of COVID-19
== Q13_general.txt
1. Add keyword dictionary to subfield
2. Field Profiles - Vireo User Group
3. URL search parameters: can you make `field:Host` include non-specific matches? - General - iNaturalist Comm
4. Slot: host_genus - submission-schema
5. Origin
6. Discussion Paper No. 2024-DP03: Addition of Relationship Subfields in Fields 647 and 648 in the MARC 21 Bib
7. bf_attach_native_status: Attach native/non-native recipient status to a data frame in biofetchR: Download, 
8. Keyword Field — ASO Wiki | ASOtext
9. 1. Background
10. A graduated nativeness definition for overcoming dilemmas and difficulties of vascular plant species
11. A graduated nativeness definition for overcoming dilemmas and difficulties of vascular plant species
12. Linked data profile (used in our Linked Data Macro)
13. Table 2 Fields and field terms in the GRIIS Country Compendium.
14. NTA indexes and indexed fields - OCLC Support
15. Slot: observed host symbionts (host_symbiont) - submission-schema
16. Applying field 752 (Added Entry – Hierarchical Place Name) for different purposes in the MARC 21 Bibliog
17. treekipedia/docs/SPECIES_FIELDS_FRONTEND_GUIDE.md
18. Modify the CA 1 Keyword Table
19. Talent profile reference
== Q13_scholarly.txt
1. The SIMBAD astronomical database
2. Humanitarianism: Keywords
3. Linking genes to literature: text mining, information extraction, and retrieval applications for biology
4. Migration and invention in the Age of Mass Migration
5. The Transformation of Historical Research in the Digital Age
6. Current perspectives and trend of computer-aided drug design: a review and bibliometric analysis
7. Risk Assessment Tools and Data-Driven Approaches for Predicting and Preventing Suicidal Behavior
8. The LASER database: Formalizing design rules for metabolic engineering
9. The Constitution of Algorithms
10. Automatic Language Identification in Texts: A Survey
11. A mixed-method study of language-learning motivation and intercultural contact of international students
12. Between Discipline and Profession A History of Persistent Instability in the Field of Computer Engineering
13. Digital Humanities Pedagogy: Practices, Principles and Politics
14. A Review of Metadata: a Survey of Current Resource Description Formats
15. English for Specific Purposes Project Leader Profiles: The Leadership Communication of 55 ESP Project Lead
16. A guide to current methodology and usage of reverse vaccinology towards in silico vaccine discovery
17. Proceedings of the Eighteenth Conference on Computational Natural Language Learning
18. De-mystifying Translation
19. Development of Linguistic Linked Open Data Resources for Collaborative Data-Intensive Research in the Lang
20. Trustworthy journalism through AI
== Q14_general.txt
1. Technological Relatedness and Knowledge Space: Entry and Exit of US Cities from Patent Classes
2. Entry Models -All Dimensions of Relatedness Density | Download Table
3. Knowledge and social relatedness shape research portfolio diversification | Scientific Reports
4. relatedness.density.int: Compute the relatedness density between regions and... in PABalland/EconGeo: Compu
5. Regional knowledge spaces: the interplay of entry-relatedness and entry-potential for technological change 
6. relatedness.density: Compute the relatedness density between regions and... in PABalland/EconGeo: Computing
7. Evaluating the principle of relatedness: Estimation, drivers and implications for policy - ScienceDirect
8. Scientific knowledge dynamics and relatedness in biotech cities - ScienceDirect
9. Scientific Knowledge Dynamics and Relatedness in Bio-Tech Cities
10. Scientific knowledge dynamics and relatedness in biotech cities — MIT Media Lab
11. Relatedness Density → Area → Sustainability
12. Evaluating the principle of relatedness: Estimation,
13. Regional knowledge spaces: the interplay of entry-relatedness and entry-potential for technological change
14. Knowledge Spillovers Informed by Network Theory and Social Network Analysis | Springer Nature Link
15. Specialization versus diversification in research activities: the extent, intensity and relatedness of fie
16. Building relatedness explanations from knowledge graphs
17. Scholarly knowledge graphs through structuring scholarly communication: a review | Complex & Intelligent S
18. Pierre-Alexandre Balland - Research and innovation
== Q14_scholarly.txt
1. Semantic Relatedness with Variable Ontology Density
2. Knowledge Relatedness, Firm Entry, and Entrant Types: Knowledge Modularity and Concentration
3. The lexical entry
4. Legitimizing processes: Barriers and facilitators for experienced Newcomers' entry transitions to knowledge
5. The entry of newcomers into organizations
6. Technological Relatedness and Knowledge Space: Entry and Exit of US Cities from Patent Classes
7. Where do firms come from? Knowledge Relatedness and Firm Entry
8. Post-entry experiences of newcomers through the perspective of gamification: the relationship between socia
9. Knowledge and social relatedness shape research portfolio diversification
10. Figure 5.2.3. Scientific knowledge embedded in digital patents, by scientific fields, 2003-06 and 2013-16
11. Linking Pre-Entry Job Search and Post-Entry Socialization among Newcomers
12. Scientific knowledge dynamics and relatedness in biotech cities
13. Organizational entry: Newcomers moving from outside to inside.
14. Regional knowledge spaces: the interplay of entry-relatedness and entry-potential for technological change
15. Incorporating Scientific Knowledge into Neural Network Density Functionals
16. Newcomers in organisational entry coping with early job experiences
17. The Effects of Cultural Background and Knowledge Creation on Self-Employment and Entry Density Rates
18. RELATEDNESS AND KNOWLEDGE BASES
19. Enter here, exit there: explaining symbiotic knowledge flows of international market entry, exit and re-
20. Knowledge Transmission in Work Groups: Helping Newcomers to Succeed
